Update README.md (#338)
bioimage-io/bioimage.io: README.md

## Citation
If you find BioImage.IO helpful for your research please consider cite BioImage.IO: [TODO]

## Contact

> For questions or issues about BioimageModelZoo, please open a topic in the image.sc forum using the tag bmz. For specific technical issues or bugs, you can also open an issue on github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For questions or issues about BioImage Model Zoo, please open a topic in the image.sc forum using the tag @bioimageio. For specific technical issues or bugs, you can also open an issue on github.
```

Reviewer: @cfusterbarcelo i made a suggestion on the standard spelling of bioimage model zoo, and could you please change the tag to bioimageio if possible?
